DataGrid: Rewrite Column and Row Templates demos (#47)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/RowTemplate/description.md

**DataGrid** supports custom row templates. Use the  [rowTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#rowTemplate) ([rowRender](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#rowRender) in React) option to configure a template for rows.

> 

Reviewer: Row templates have some specificities, such as they should be declared as a `<tbody>` element with the `dx-row` class. Besides that, row templates have many restrictions, which are listed in the `rowTemplate` description. We should mention all this in this description.

> In this demo, a custom row template is assigned to the [rowTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#rowTemplate) ([rowRender](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#rowRender) in React) to display the employee's image and their information in a two-row table.

Reviewer: Same notes as above.

> In this demo, a custom row template displays the employee's image and their information in a two-row table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this demo, a custom row template is used to add employee images and extra information to regular grid rows.
```
